Hello guys will come back in this section will create a sprite account and we will learn how to get
to APHC so that we can store in a variable Iran.
The reason why we need to use tripe is because every e-commerce website needs a payment.
So strike is the easiest way for developers to implement on their websites.
So let's go ahead and create our account.
So for me I so you're going to go to dashboard Once you create it.
So you can see the amazing user interface.
You can check pieman.
We have no test data yet.
And then you can check disputes if you have any problems if any customers actually you know want a refund
or something and then you can check all of these amazing features.
So we're definitely going to go to EPRI.
So what you need to do is you want to get the secret key and then you want to paste it on your no just
occasionally wrong.
So a quick try again and I'm going to enter my password.
So that's about it in the next few do we get to install this dependency so that we can use it.
I'll see you in the next few.